>> Brian: Lastly, we want to make it so
if you actually click on,
the show card will actually take
you to the details page, right?
Because, right now, you kind of have
to URL hack it to get it to work.
So, let's go back
to show card, which is where we'll end up.
Hopefully, this is what Search was for
the person that was
asking.
>> Brian: Okay,
so let's go to ShowCard real quick, and
the only thing is we're gonna basically
wrap everything in a link.
>> Brian: So,
we're gonna say Import Link.
>> Brian: From react-router.
We're gonna just wrap
everything in a link.
Link to /details/$,
this.props.indbId.
>> Brian: Oops.
>> Brian: That's all we did is we just
imported link.
We're having it take you to the details
page with the proper imdbID and
just wrap everything in a link.
>> Speaker 2: So,
let's see Header, again, for a second.
[LAUGH] And Mario says,
if header returns undefined,
should we move prop types
below the function definition?
>> Brian: I mean, we did, right?
That's what we did right here.
Does that, am I misunderstanding?
>> Speaker 2: I guess I'm not quite sure
what they're asking either.
>> Speaker 3: We looped it and
then moved it back.
>> Brian: Yeah, exactly.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, okay,
maybe that was it.
>> Brian: Yeah, I moved it to demonstrate
that it wouldn't work.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Brian: But, this is how you do it with
the SX classes.
>> Speaker 2: Scott is asking,
do you have to use the link for
routing to work?
Why not just use the a bracket.
>> Brian: You can, but
you get some functionally for
free by using link.
So if I change my router, for
example, it will still work.
It won't break all my links.
And breaking everything is
generally something I try to avoid.
So that's why you use Link.
>> Brian: Ultimately what
Link renders out anyway-
>> Speaker 2: I see,
what they're talking about,
I think is that the last push.
I believe, the header props
was still before.
>> Brian: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: So- Good job, Brian.
Okay.
>> Brian: Yeah,
I'll push a new branch here momentarily.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, okay.
Also, I think they found a typo.
>> Speaker 2: Someone
says there's missing
an equals after the two,
maybe in the link to part.
>> Brian: Probably.
Show card.
Yup, right there.
>> Speaker 2: Good
catch you guys.
>> Brian: Yeah,
most of you are maybe used
to doing pair programming.
It's best if you just have
200 people watching you code.
That's way easier.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, also adding
the IMDB ID to prop type?
>> Brian: Yeah, we'll have to do that too,
good call.
>> Brian: And
you can even just do this, right, imdbID,
and then drop this stop props right there.
>> Brian: I really like this
pattern right here.
I end up doing it a lot because I
feel like when you come down here,
this just gets really readable.
So they say, okay.
That's the title.
You don't have this
this.props to parse out
in your brain too.
>> Brian: Okay,
so let’s make sure that
this actually works.
So, now you can see you can
click on each one of these.
And if I click on Bloodline,
which is an underrated show.
>> Speaker 2: Question, about is required?
Why are you using it for your prop types?
>> Brian: I just didn't.
[LAUGH] So if your component requires
something and it wouldn't work without it.
Like for example,
our show cards can be pretty shitty if it
doesn't have all of these things, right.
Then you just wanna drop isRequired here.
>> Brian: I just didn't do it.
It is, it's even in my notes, right, so.
>> Brian: Oops.
>> Brian: What you could do there is just
say .isRequired.
>> Brian: So yeah, if you want React to
yell at you if it doesn't show up,
then put isRequired.
That's the gist of when you would
put it versus when you wouldn't.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, so
Martin is getting an error about
warning about React.createElement.
Type should not be null,
undefined, boolean, or
number.
>> Brian: So
you'll see that often times if you.
Like for example,
if I put let's go to Search.js real quick.
So I, I'm importing header right here
right but if I go back to header and
I forget to put this export.statement down
here so it's not exporting anything so
whenever I import header it's
just going to get undefined.
And then if I try and
render out that undefined.
It's going to give you
a warning that looks like that.
Usually that's an export problem.
It means somewhere you are trying
to render something that's
not a react component.
I find that's usually
a problem with export.
>> Brian: Other questions?
>> Speaker 3: Can you talk a little bit
more about passing around
functions between components?
The way you do with handle
search term change?
>> Brian: Yeah, okay, so
passing around a function like I
did with handle search term change.
So just keep in mind that when
you're passing around parameters
to all these different component, they're
just java script primitives, right,
or whatever you can score in
a variable can be passed around
in java script, so
I'm just passing down a function.
Right?
This handle
search term changed right here.
This is being passed
in rather from search.
So it's calling this method, right?
And if you remember my rant that I had
yesterday about if you have a problem
with the component, the only place that
can modify a component is itself, right?
So this, that setState right here,
the only place that I can call setState is
the component itself since this is
where we're keeping track of it.
So instead of having some external method
that it can call to modify the state,
what it does is it passes down a method
where it modifies itself and it.
Exposes that function
to another component.
Does that make sense?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah,
that makes perfect sense.
That's what I figured was going on.
So the reason you do
that is that the value of
this It is preserved when you pass that
function so that this can refer to search
so that it can modify its own state.
>> Speaker 4: I'm not a super-java script
person, and
that's a very functional thing.
[INAUDIBLE] is a function
as a first-class citizen,
so I appreciate that.
>> Brian: Yeah, definitely, so
JavaScript context is just a beast.
Like what this is,
is always a big question.
So again, I'm gonna plug Kyle Simpson's
Advanced JavaScript class again.
He really well explains what this can be.
>> Brian: But
I talked a bit like while a createClass.
The reason why we don't have to do any
sort of fancy binding is that this is auto
bound to wherever it's created,
thanks to the create class methodology.
So it's bound to search.
If we were doing it with a ES6 component,
we would actually have to explicitly call
bind to make sure that it stayed bound to
search.
>> Speaker 3: Sure.
>> Brian: Just so
you know.
>> Speaker 3: Cool.
>> Brian: Other questions?
>> Brian: That was a good question.
That was definitely a good
thing to point out.